operations since Beijing and these
athletes now must be ready hungary's any
doubt as we should clear from mr three
times Great Britain of one silver in the
men's 200 meters their first medal game
in 1928 their second in 80 the last in
two thousand this athlete knows he has
all the technique and the ability to
become the next Olympic champion the
crowd goes quiet silence is the athletes
take to the block a good start
needs to be better at this stage
now they approach the second half of the
race great britain in first place japan
looking good in second
to daddy said
except silver
trying to take
response from the fans as well pump of
the fist in celebration and quite
rightly he gets the accolades of the
crowd
or take another look at that so smooth
from start to finish straight into the
stride and then wanting rhythm majestic
stuff a real Olympic champion water
performers amazing
a superb results gold for Great Britain
in second place a silver for Japan and
finishing in third position with a
bronze it's China
this is a proud moment for this athlete
as the crowd rises one for the national
anthem a lifetime of commitment in years
of training and hard work for this one
moment
exposures
absolutely ecstatic and quite rightly so
really was a great competition as we see
another Olympic champion crowd let's
take a quick check on the overall medal
tally